Now, let's move onto using TensorFlow SavedModels format.
With this, we can use tf.saved_model.save,
and feed in the model and the export directory.
So similar to before,
if I want to save my model as my_model and a folder named saved_models,
we can just use this as
tf.saved_model.save with my_model first and then the directory after that.
It's important to note here that we have to provide
the path to the directory where we want to save our model,
not the name of the file.
This is because the SavedModels are not actually saved to
just a single file like we saw before with Keras.
So when you save it as the SavedModel,
this actually creates an assets folder,
a variables folder, and the saved_model,
that protobuf file inside the directory you provided.
So what's the difference between what this contains and what HDF5 had?
SavedModel is going to have checkpoints with the model weights.
It's going to have the proto containing
the underlying TensorFlow graph with
separate graphs for prediction, training, and evaluation.
As well as the model wasn't compiled before,
only the inference graph is going to get exported,
just in case you look through and wonder what happened to the other graphs.
As well, the model's architecture configuration will be available.
As you may guess, the SavedModel is a standalone format just for TensorFlow objects.
It's supported by a TensorFlow serving as well as
TensorFlow implementations in languages other than Python.
It does not need the original building code to run,
which makes it useful for sharing or deploying in
different platforms such as mobile or embedded devices,
such as with TensorFlow Lite servers with TensorFlow Serving,
and even Web browsers with TensorFlow.js.
In the cell below, we've gone ahead and saved our train model as the SavedModel.
Once again, notice that we're adding that timestamp just in case we
want to have multiple models saved down and make sure that they're unique.
Once a model has been saved, as a SavedModel,
we can just use tf.saved_model.load
with that same directory as before to reload the model.
So here again, we have our savedModel directory from before and we just load it there.
Please note that it is not a Keras object that gets loaded,
so I won't have the.fit,.predict,.summary, etc.
methods. It is completely and 100 percent independent of the code that created it.
That means in order to make predictions with our reloaded_SavedModel,
we need to use a different method than the one we used with the reloaded Keras models.
So if we have our reloaded_SavedModel,
we can feed in an image batch and set training to False.
This is going to return a tensor with
the predicted label probabilities for each image in the batch.
So remember, we haven't done anything to this,
so let's just double-check again to see if we get the same predictions.
This is basically what we did with Keras before.
You'll notice this isn't 0.0,
but it's a very small number.
So essentially, they are still the same models.
Alternatively, if you do want to get back
a full Keras model from a TensorFlow SavedModel,
you can load it with the tf.keras.models.load_model function.
That way you just pass in that savedModel directory
and you'll still be able to actually get that same network from before.
As you can see here, is still is able to use model.summary,
it's the same model we saw.